README.md, before:

# JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures

This repository contains JavaScript based solution to many of the
popular algorithms and data structures related problems.

Each problem has explanations and multiple solutions.

## Data Structures

A data structure is a particular way of organizing and storing data in a computer so that it can
be accessed and modified efficiently. More precisely, a data structure is a collection of data
values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to
the data.

## Algorithms

An algorithm is an unambiguous specification of how to solve a class of problems. It is
a set of rules that precisely define a sequence of operations.

## Testing

Testing is done using Jest.

## Solutions

<details>
  <summary> Udemy : The Coding Interview Bootcamp: Algorithms + Data Structures
 </summary>
  
  ## [Course Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/coding-interview-bootcamp-algorithms-and-data-structure/)

### Problems

| No. | Title                                                                                  | Difficulty | Topics     |
| --: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------- | :--------- |
|   1 | [Reverse String](/1-exercises/reversestring)                                           | Easy       |            |
|   2 | [Palindromes](/1-exercises/palindrome)                                                 | Easy       |            |
|   3 | [Reverse Integer](/1-exercises/reverseint)                                             | Easy       |            |
|   4 | [Max Chars](/1-exercises/maxchar)                                                      | Easy       |            |
|   5 | [Classic FizzBuzz](/1-exercises/fizzbuzz)                                              | Easy       |            |
|   6 | [Array Chunk](/1-exercises/chunk)                                                      | Easy       |            |
|   7 | [Anagrams](/1-exercises/anagrams)                                                      | Easy       |            |
|   8 | [Sentence Capitalization](/1-exercises/capitalize)                                     | Easy       |            |
|   9 | [Printing Steps](/1-exercises/steps)                                                   | Easy       |            |
|  10 | [Two-Sided Steps- Pyramids](/1-exercises/pyramid)                                      | Medium     |            |
|  11 | [Find The Vowels](/1-exercises/vowels)                                                 | Easy       |            |
|  12 | [Matrix Spiral](/1-exercises/matrix)                                                   | Medium     |            |
|  13 | [Events](/1-exercises/events)                                                          | Easy       |            |
|  14 | [Fibonacci Series](/1-exercises/fib)                                                   | Easy       |            |
|  15 | [Queue](/1-exercises/queue)                                                            | Easy       |            |
|  16 | [Weaving Queue](/1-exercises/weave)                                                    | Easy       |            |
|  17 | [Stack](/1-exercises/stack)                                                            | Easy       |            |
|  18 | [Queue Using Stack](/1-exercises/qfroms)                                               | Easy       |            |
|  19 | [Linked List](/1-exercises/linkedlist)                                                 | Medium     |            |
|  20 | [Midpoint In Linked List](/1-exercises/midpointInLinkedList)                           | Easy       | 2 pointers |
|  21 | [Check If Circular Linked List](/1-exercises/circularLinkedList)                       | Easy       | 2 pointers |
|  22 | [Get Node from N position from Last Node Linked List](/1-exercises/fromLastLinkedList) | Easy       | 2 pointers |

</details>

<details>
  <summary>  Collection of Problems.
 </summary>

### Problems

| No. | Title                                         | Difficulty | Topics       |
| --: | :-------------------------------------------- | :--------- | :----------- |
|   1 | [Default Arguments](/2-exercises/defaultArgs) | Medium     | closures     |
|   2 | [8 queens](/2-exercises/8queens)              | Medium     | backtracking |
|   3 | [stocks profit](/2-exercises/profitsTarget)   | Medium     | hashing      |

</details>

Commit message:

finding the width at each level of the tree

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures

This repository contains JavaScript based solution to many of the
popular algorithms and data structures related problems.

Each problem has explanations and multiple solutions.

## Data Structures

A data structure is a particular way of organizing and storing data in a computer so that it can
be accessed and modified efficiently. More precisely, a data structure is a collection of data
values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to
the data.

## Algorithms

An algorithm is an unambiguous specification of how to solve a class of problems. It is
a set of rules that precisely define a sequence of operations.

## Testing

Testing is done using Jest.

## Solutions

<details>
  <summary> Udemy : The Coding Interview Bootcamp: Algorithms + Data Structures
 </summary>
  
  ## [Course Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/coding-interview-bootcamp-algorithms-and-data-structure/)

### Problems

| No. | Title                                                                                  | Difficulty | Topics     |
| --: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------- | :--------- |
|   1 | [Reverse String](/1-exercises/reversestring)                                           | Easy       |            |
|   2 | [Palindromes](/1-exercises/palindrome)                                                 | Easy       |            |
|   3 | [Reverse Integer](/1-exercises/reverseint)                                             | Easy       |            |
|   4 | [Max Chars](/1-exercises/maxchar)                                                      | Easy       |            |
|   5 | [Classic FizzBuzz](/1-exercises/fizzbuzz)                                              | Easy       |            |
|   6 | [Array Chunk](/1-exercises/chunk)                                                      | Easy       |            |
|   7 | [Anagrams](/1-exercises/anagrams)                                                      | Easy       |            |
|   8 | [Sentence Capitalization](/1-exercises/capitalize)                                     | Easy       |            |
|   9 | [Printing Steps](/1-exercises/steps)                                                   | Easy       |            |
|  10 | [Two-Sided Steps- Pyramids](/1-exercises/pyramid)                                      | Medium     |            |
|  11 | [Find The Vowels](/1-exercises/vowels)                                                 | Easy       |            |
|  12 | [Matrix Spiral](/1-exercises/matrix)                                                   | Medium     |            |
|  13 | [Events](/1-exercises/events)                                                          | Easy       |            |
|  14 | [Fibonacci Series](/1-exercises/fib)                                                   | Easy       |            |
|  15 | [Queue](/1-exercises/queue)                                                            | Easy       |            |
|  16 | [Weaving Queue](/1-exercises/weave)                                                    | Easy       |            |
|  17 | [Stack](/1-exercises/stack)                                                            | Easy       |            |
|  18 | [Queue Using Stack](/1-exercises/qfroms)                                               | Easy       |            |
|  19 | [Linked List](/1-exercises/linkedlist)                                                 | Medium     |            |
|  20 | [Midpoint In Linked List](/1-exercises/midpointInLinkedList)                           | Easy       | 2 pointers |
|  21 | [Check If Circular Linked List](/1-exercises/circularLinkedList)                       | Easy       | 2 pointers |
|  22 | [Get Node from N position from Last Node Linked List](/1-exercises/fromLastLinkedList) | Easy       | 2 pointers |
|  23 | [Building a Tree](/1-exercises/tree)                                                   | Easy       |            |
|  24 | [Finding the width at each level in a tree](/1-exercises/levelWidth)                   | Medium     |            |

</details>

<details>
  <summary>  Collection of Problems.
 </summary>

### Problems

| No. | Title                                         | Difficulty | Topics       |
| --: | :-------------------------------------------- | :--------- | :----------- |
|   1 | [Default Arguments](/2-exercises/defaultArgs) | Medium     | closures     |
|   2 | [8 queens](/2-exercises/8queens)              | Medium     | backtracking |
|   3 | [stocks profit](/2-exercises/profitsTarget)   | Medium     | hashing      |

</details>
